Branwen - Last Monday at 4:08 PM

((Later))

Shi sits in quarantine, connected to several machines that are examining her as she sits and reads
from her tablet screen. With her permission, her wings have been removed and hang on the wall behind
her. The room is bare for the moment, little more than a cell, though Shi herself seems more than
content reading encyclopedias and novels.

The Kitties - Last Monday at 5:02 PM

Haley passes the cell on her way from assisting the medical team with Daniel. She stops, realising
this is the "visitor" she's heard all about, and ducks into the observation room. "Hi," she says, "I
was on my way past and I thought I'd drop by and see how you're settling in." And also actually see
this amazing creature rather than just hear stories, she adds mentally.

Branwen - Last Monday at 5:10 PM

Shi looks up from her text and blinks, eyes focusing on the visitor. "Hello," she says in English,
"it is nice to meet you. I am Shi. This is the proper greeting?"

The Kitties - Last Monday at 5:23 PM

Haley pauses for a moment, then replies "it is, although maybe a little more formal than usual. Your
English is a lot better than I'd expected, given what I'd heard from the others." Another pause,
followed by the realisation that she still hadn't introduced herself. "I'm Haley, by the way. It's
nice to meet you too. I'd shake your hand if it weren't for this silly quarantine thing..."

Branwen - Last Monday at 5:26 PM

Shi smiles. "I do not mind, it is comparably relaxing. I have been learning languages from the
resources Lin left me." She gestures to her tablet. "It's not as efficient as wireless communication
but it troubles Lin and Cat less. Your machine languages are different to mine but I am adapting."

The Kitties - Last Monday at 5:36 PM

The mention of languages piques Haley's interest, reminding her of the moment in the village where
she realised that she had been speaking a language she didn't know. "I'd be interested to learn
about your language too. I'm not exactly a professional linguist but it's... I enjoy learning about
new ways to communicate." She thinks for a moment, then says "you know, the way you're using that
tablet could still be considered wireless communication..." She shrugs. "Just a thought."

Branwen - Last Monday at 5:41 PM

"I can see that, in a way," Shi agrees, "direct download would be faster, though. To my benefit, I
am discovering the pleasure of 'leisurely activity'. I'm dedicating far less subroutines to threat
acquisition and assessment. I would be happy to teach you my machine language, it may also help you
understand the portal device."

The Kitties - Last Monday at 5:50 PM

"Well, that's an interesting revelation. Also a little disappointing, I was trying to find something
for us to do that didn't have anything to do with the work here!" She smiles at her own silliness,
then muses "I suppose since it's going to be useful then we should probably make sure Diane learns
too, she's the language whiz and she's been working with the portal..."

Haley's train of thought is derailed by Lauren as she steps into the room. "Oh, there you are," she
says to Haley, "they want you for a debriefing about Daniel and stuff." She turns to the cell's
occupant, nods, and says "hey, Shi. How goes it? Keeping busy?"

Branwen - Last Monday at 5:53 PM

"Yes, thank you Diane, I am reading," Shi says, not knowing that's she's mistaken one person for
another. The takes a short pause. "Are you, perhaps, identical twins? I've been reading about human
reproduction."

The Kitties - Last Monday at 6:10 PM

Lauren looks a little upset at being mistaken for Diane. Haley notices this and attempts to stifle a
giggle, and says, "Diane and I aren't related, and neither is Lauren here. People keep getting us
mixed up for some reason though. I'm starting to find it rather amusing, actually."

Lauren scowls at her doppelganger, and mutters acidly, "I'm glad you're having a good time, sister."
She returns her attention to Shi and says, "I had hoped you might recognise the girl who put your
head back together... I suppose it was all a bit of a muddle for you though?"

Branwen - Last Monday at 6:12 PM

Shi blinks slowly. "I am very, very sorry. I hope you don't mind me saying, you are physically
identical."

The Kitties - Last Monday at 6:31 PM

Lauren and Haley both take a long look at each other, trying to see the similarities. Eventually
Haley shrugs and turns back to Shi. "I dunno. I mean, there's some superficial similarities but it's
not that hard to tell us apart." She sighs, and glances at the clock on the wall. "I suppose I
should get to this debriefing... catch you both later."

Lauren watches Haley as she leaves. "I wonder how much of it is just our perspective? I can't see
how there's anything similar about us other than the super obvious. But she does look a hell of a
lot like Diane, although I can tell them apart easily." She snaps of of her reverie, and realises
that Shi is looking at her intently. "Oh. Um. No, no need to be sorry, and I don't mind. Just that
having a complete outsider remark on us like that has made me think about stuff. I think I should go
and find Diane... I hope you don't mind me dashing off and leaving you again like this."

Branwen - Last Monday at 6:38 PM

"I am fine, I'm sure Solveig will return soon," Shi says. "If you don't mind me saying, I know what
you mean. I could tell my sisters apart, even when we were new."

